Yeah, yeah. Oh, hey, yeah, yeah. No, let's get a beer after. How about that?
This is the ring that your mother made for you and your siblings. If you survive, maybe you'll find its way back to her someday.
The child is this. Our face is cold as ice. Come on, little one. We gotta get you to hospital.
You wrote that to me that window clean gate for the Walker group. It's been three months.
Where's our money? I regret it gonna job the Walker group. Do you use the money to bribe them?
Don't say that. This has nothing to do with my daughter. I've been trying to get your money.
But you see this? Not only did the Walker group refuse to pay? Maybe the shit out of me. I'm still bleeding.
I don't care. You brought us into this. You need to pay up. My dad needs our money for surgery.
And my son needs it for tuition or he has to drop out of school.
Give me three more days. If I don't get your money, I'll sell my blood to pay back.
David, come quick. Brad's being attacked. Our gratitude. She's been attacked.
You want to get your money from the Walker kid? Piss them right off. You gotta come help.